README
------
Author:		David Ball
Date:		December 15, 2017



Program Files:
--------------
ValidateInput.java
Contains static methods that allows the user of the class to get input from the console
and verify that the input is an integer. Also provides overloaded versions of the getInt()
method to allow the user to specify a specific integer value they're looking for or to
specify a range that the input must fall between.

CellValues.java
Contains enumerated values that represent a space character, a capital x character and a
capital o character. These characters represent the different values that can be used in
a cell on the game board.

Cell.java
Contains attributes for the CellValues and for the row and column the cell is placed in
on the game board. The game board is made up of Cell objects.

Board.java
This class contains the game board for tic-tac-toe. Contains a two-dimensional array
made up of Cell objects that represent the game board.

Player.java
Contains attributes that represent the players playing the game. Contains the players
name, number of wins, and the game piece used by the character.

TicTacToe.java
Implements the game logic that runs the tic-tac-toe game. This file contains the main
method.



Program Description:
--------------------
Tic Tac Toe is traditionally played on a 3x3 square board. Many people refer to the games
as X's and O's. Players play as either a cross (X) or a nought (0). The goal is to get a
row, column, or a diagonal line filled with your game piece (X or O). Be sure to block your
opponent from getting a win if you spot their strategy. Player 1 will play as cross (X) and
player 2 will play as nought (O).

The program was created this way to allow for the classes representing the game objects and
the methods in the TicTacToe class to be reused in a GUI application. For a GUI tic-tac-toe
implementation the methods for accessing the game Board could easily be reused, with just
changing the output to be GUI.

Users of the program should expect to be using just the console for running and interacting
with the program. Users should also understand that to be able to save and load a game they
need to have permission to read/write to the location that the game is running from.

The only things unique about this tic-tac-toe implementation is that it is entirely run
through the console and that users have the ability to save and load their tic-tac-toe
games.



Problems Encountered:
---------------------
The main problem encountered while developing this program pertains to the computer player.
The AI used in the singleplayer mode isn't very challenging. It doesn't block the user from
winning before attempting to make a play to win itself. It also doesn't look for an option
on the board that allows it to win. After playing the center and the corners the AI just
randomly places its game piece on the board. The user may dislike that the AI is too easy
to beat.



Bug Tracker:
------------
- Insufficient AI (needs to block player and look for winning move).
- Need to eliminate spaces and any extra characters entered with an integer (make getInt more robust).
- NOT A BUG - Need to make ValidateInput more modular. There is too much repetition in the code.


